Clarify prerequisites, limitations, and troubleshooting in agent quickstart (#1813)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/quickstart-monitor-hosts-with-elastic-agent.md

:sync: serverless

* An {{obs-serverless}} project. To learn more, refer to [Create an Observability project](/solutions/observability/get-started/create-an-observability-project.md).

> * An Elastic deployment. If you don’t have one yet, navigate to [cloud.elastic.co](https://cloud.elastic.co/). Within **Hosted deployments**, click **Create hosted deployment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Elastic deployment. If you don’t have one yet, go to [cloud.elastic.co](https://cloud.elastic.co/). Within **Hosted deployments**, select **Create hosted deployment**.
```

Shorter that way. As for `select`, is more neutral than click (device-agnostic).

Author: Thanks, applied!
